***** 11/23/2025 *****
During the code development, there were a few scenarios I had considered: 

1) User places either the pouch(es) or the coin(s) on 
the wrong scale's plate. This would register the RFID 
tag and associated weight to the incorrect plate.
	a) Possible solution : Label the plates for the 
	proper type of item to be weigh.

2) More than one pouch is placed on the pouches plate. 
Too many coins were placed on the coins plate. 
	a) Possible solution: Add into code, to be able 
	to remove RFID information from associated plates.

3) A way to check for the correct weight of the spice 
pouches and the coins on the scale. 
	a) Possible solution: Add a button to check if 
	the current placement of pouch(es) and coin 
	denominations are correct. (Weight match)

The first scenario presented the problem where the spice 
pouches and coins carry the same information (ID and weight), 
but are treated differently in our code. Therefore, the 
incorrect placement of either items mean, we would need to 
be able to remove the stored information from the registering
plate. 

The second scenario is only a problem to prove that a function
for removing the stored information, of the extra placed items, 
from the registering plate.

I designed the data removal function, but it was on the condition 
that the RFID reader is capable of continously detecting the 
items on the plate. So, I test the RFID with a tag placed over it. 
As it stands, it is not able to continously detect the tag therefore 
if the tag has physical been removed, there isn't a way for the 
RFID reader to detect that. Which would then allow for calling of 
removal function in the code. 


The third scenario presented a problem because the user should be 
able to tell the program when to check if the combination of spice 
pouch(es) and coins are valid. Otherwise, the code would have to 
continously check whether if items were placed on the scale's plate 
or not. Since, the RFID can't detect when an item is physically 
removed off a plate and there isn't a reset vector, then the 
continous combination checks would be false. 


RESOLUTION: 
1) Label the scale's plates appropriately, one for the
spice pouches and one for the coins. 
2) Create 2 buttons, one serves as to call the reset function and 
the other serves to check in the correct combination of items were
placed on the scale's plates. 
	a) When the user press the check button, the program verify
	if the correct combination is present and rotate the arrow 
	to "Yay" or "Nay". Then shortly return to prior position.
	b) When the user wishes to remove an item, or restart from 
	the beginning, the reset button should be pressed. In either
	case, all items should be removed from the scale and then 
	the reset button should be pressed.



